c:\users\paulo_000\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Sotech.Counter\Sotech.Counter.Web\bin\Sotech.Counter.Web.dll
c:\users\paulo_000\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Sotech.Counter\Sotech.Counter.Web\bin\Sotech.Counter.Web.pdb
c:\users\paulo_000\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Sotech.Counter\Sotech.Counter.Web\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\paulo_000\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Sotech.Counter\Sotech.Counter.Web\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\paulo_000\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Sotech.Counter\Sotech.Counter.Web\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\paulo_000\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Sotech.Counter\Sotech.Counter.Web\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\paulo_000\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Sotech.Counter\Sotech.Counter.Web\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\paulo_000\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Sotech.Counter\Sotech.Counter.Web\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\paulo_000\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Sotech.Counter\Sotech.Counter.Web\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\paulo_000\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Sotech.Counter\Sotech.Counter.Web\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\paulo_000\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Sotech.Counter\Sotech.Counter.Web\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\paulo_000\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Sotech.Counter\Sotech.Counter.Web\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\paulo_000\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Sotech.Counter\Sotech.Counter.Web\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
c:\users\paulo_000\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Sotech.Counter\Sotech.Counter.Web\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\paulo_000\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Sotech.Counter\Sotech.Counter.Web\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\paulo_000\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Sotech.Counter\Sotech.Counter.Web\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\paulo_000\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Sotech.Counter\Sotech.Counter.Web\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\paulo_000\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Sotech.Counter\Sotech.Counter.Web\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\paulo_000\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Sotech.Counter\Sotech.Counter.Web\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\paulo_000\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Sotech.Counter\Sotech.Counter.Web\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\paulo_000\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Sotech.Counter\Sotech.Counter.Web\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\paulo_000\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Sotech.Counter\Sotech.Counter.Web\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\paulo_000\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Sotech.Counter\Sotech.Counter.Web\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\paulo_000\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Sotech.Counter\Sotech.Counter.Web\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\paulo_000\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Sotech.Counter\Sotech.Counter.Web\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\paulo_000\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Sotech.Counter\Sotech.Counter.Web\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\paulo_000\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Sotech.Counter\Sotech.Counter.Web\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\paulo_000\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Sotech.Counter\Sotech.Counter.Web\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\paulo_000\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Sotech.Counter\Sotech.Counter.Web\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\paulo_000\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Sotech.Counter\Sotech.Counter.Web\obj\Debug\Sotech.Counter.Web.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\paulo_000\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Sotech.Counter\Sotech.Counter.Web\obj\Debug\Sotech.Counter.Web.dll
c:\users\paulo_000\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Sotech.Counter\Sotech.Counter.Web\obj\Debug\Sotech.Counter.Web.pdb
C:\Users\paulo_000\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Sotech.Counter\Sotech.Counter.Web\bin\Sotech.Counter.Domain.dll
C:\Users\paulo_000\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Sotech.Counter\Sotech.Counter.Web\bin\Sotech.Counter.Repository.dll
C:\Users\paulo_000\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Sotech.Counter\Sotech.Counter.Web\bin\Sotech.Counter.Domain.pdb
C:\Users\paulo_000\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Sotech.Counter\Sotech.Counter.Web\bin\Sotech.Counter.Repository.pdb
C:\Users\paulo_000\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Sotech.Counter\Sotech.Counter.Web\bin\Ninject.dll
C:\Users\paulo_000\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Sotech.Counter\Sotech.Counter.Web\bin\Ninject.Web.Common.dll
C:\Users\paulo_000\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Sotech.Counter\Sotech.Counter.Web\bin\Sotech.Counter.Service.dll
C:\Users\paulo_000\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Sotech.Counter\Sotech.Counter.Web\bin\WebActivator.dll
C:\Users\paulo_000\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Sotech.Counter\Sotech.Counter.Web\bin\Sotech.Counter.Service.pdb
C:\Users\paulo_000\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Sotech.Counter\Sotech.Counter.Web\bin\Ninject.pdb
C:\Users\paulo_000\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Sotech.Counter\Sotech.Counter.Web\bin\Ninject.xml
C:\Users\paulo_000\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Sotech.Counter\Sotech.Counter.Web\bin\Ninject.Web.Common.pdb
C:\Users\paulo_000\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Sotech.Counter\Sotech.Counter.Web\bin\Ninject.Web.Common.xml
C:\Users\paulo_000\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Sotech.Counter\Sotech.Counter.Web\bin\FluentValidation.dll
C:\Users\paulo_000\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Sotech.Counter\Sotech.Counter.Web\bin\FluentValidation.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\paulo_000\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Sotech.Counter\Sotech.Counter.Web\bin\FluentValidation.pdb
C:\Users\paulo_000\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Sotech.Counter\Sotech.Counter.Web\bin\FluentValidation.xml
C:\Users\paulo_000\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Sotech.Counter\Sotech.Counter.Web\bin\FluentValidation.Mvc.pdb
C:\Users\paulo_000\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Sotech.Counter\Sotech.Counter.Web\bin\de\FluentValidation.resources.dll
C:\Users\paulo_000\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Sotech.Counter\Sotech.Counter.Web\bin\es\FluentValidation.resources.dll
C:\Users\paulo_000\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Sotech.Counter\Sotech.Counter.Web\bin\fr\FluentValidation.resources.dll
C:\Users\paulo_000\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Sotech.Counter\Sotech.Counter.Web\bin\it\FluentValidation.resources.dll
C:\Users\paulo_000\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Sotech.Counter\Sotech.Counter.Web\bin\nl\FluentValidation.resources.dll
C:\Users\paulo_000\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Sotech.Counter\Sotech.Counter.Web\bin\pl\FluentValidation.resources.dll
C:\Users\paulo_000\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Sotech.Counter\Sotech.Counter.Web\bin\pt\FluentValidation.resources.dll
C:\Users\paulo_000\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Sotech.Counter\Sotech.Counter.Web\bin\ru\FluentValidation.resources.dll
C:\Users\paulo_000\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Sotech.Counter\Sotech.Counter.Web\bin\sv\FluentValidation.resources.dll
C:\Users\paulo_000\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Sotech.Counter\Sotech.Counter.Web\bin\tr\FluentValidation.resources.dll
C:\Users\paulo_000\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Sotech.Counter\Sotech.Counter.Web\bin\Sotech.Counter.FakeObjects.dll
C:\Users\paulo_000\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Sotech.Counter\Sotech.Counter.Web\bin\Sotech.Counter.FakeObjects.pdb
